Update conversation insights documentation (#2570)
mintlify/docs: ai/suggestions.mdx

### Conversation insights

> Conversation insights are automatically enabled for all Custom plan users. The agent periodically analyzes assistant conversations and creates suggestions when it identifies patterns of questions that indicate missing or unclear documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have access to the agent and the assistant, the agent creates suggestions from conversations that your users have with the assistant.

The agent periodically analyzes assistant conversations and creates suggestions when it identifies patterns of questions that indicate missing or unclear documentation.
```
